iOS READMEs - Display information (#846)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Display information/Show legend/README.md

# Show legend

Show a legend for all the operational layers in the map.

![Image of Show legend 1](show-legend-1.png)
![Image of Show legend 2](show-legend-2.png)
![Image of Show legend 3](show-legend-3.png)

## Use case

Legends are used to describe what each symbol on a map represents. A common format is to show an image of the symbol alongside of a text description of what that symbol represents. This sample demonstrates how to show a legend for all the operational layers in the map.

## How to use the sample

1. Open the sample
2. Scroll through the legends to see the various elements that represent features on the map.

## How it works

> 1. Layers implement the `AGSLayerContent` interface, which contain a list of `AGSLegendInfo`. `AGSLegendInfo` contains an `AGSSymbol` and a name string. `AGSLayerContent.fetchLegendInfos(completion:)` must be called on each `AGSLayerContent` instance to fetch the info from the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Layers implement the `AGSLayerContent` interface, which provides an API for getting `AGSLegendInfo` objects. `AGSLegendInfo` contains an `AGSSymbol` and a name string. `AGSLayerContent.fetchLegendInfos(completion:)` must be called on each `AGSLayerContent` instance to fetch the info from the data.
```

> 2. For each symbol in the `AGSLegendInfo` list, `AGSSymbol.createSwatch(completion:)` must be called so that an image of the `AGSSymbol` is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For each symbol in the `AGSLegendInfo` array, `AGSSymbol.createSwatch(completion:)` must be called so that an image of the `AGSSymbol` is returned.
```
